Refactor makefile - automate poc (#3)
eranco74/bootstrap-in-place-poc: README.md

See https://github.com/openshift/enhancements/pull/565

# How to run
- Set PULL_SECRET environment variable to your pull secret
- `make start-iso` - Spins up a VM with the the liveCD. This will automatically perform the following actions:
	- Clone the installer repo with the boostrap-in-place branch
	- Apply the patches in the patches directory to that repo
	- Build the openshift installer
	- Generate the install-config.yaml 
	- Download the ISO

> 	- Patch the ISO with the bootstrap-in-place ignition generated by the patched openshift installer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	- Generate the install-config.yaml 
	- Execute the openshift-installer `create single-node-ignition-config` command to generate the bootstrap-in-place-for-live-iso.ign.
	- Download the RHCOS live ISO
	- Embed the bootstrap-in-place Ignition to the ISO.
```
